Milestone 4
FlipFlops9000

Market Analysis:
Target Market -
  Bored smartphone owners all around the United States (Maybe even the world)
  The target market is intentionally broad, as it is a mobile game
    we aren't looking to exclude anyone from being potential "customers"
  That said, as of 2015 68% of adults in the United States owned a smartphone
    so it's a pretty large potential audience.

Profile of Competitors -
  Due to the nature of the industry, competitors will change often and the market
    itself is pretty tumultuous at best. That being said, the top competitors currently
    would be Rolling Sky, Subway Surfers, Temple Run, and Jetpack Joyride.
  Our Advantages: The plan is to keep the game itself relatively "low-budget", so
    the graphics and the engine running it will be very simple compared to the other
    games listed. This is in fact a good thing because we can make the game playable
    on nearly every smart phone that is still out there, and keep the game cheap while
    maintaining a quirky art style (because none of us are dedicated artists) that
    will be able to hold up with age, and can scale appropriately with many things,
    including screen size.
  Disadvantages: We're coming a bit "late to the party" as far as infinite runners go,
    which means that some of the available market at the beginning when these games
    were all the rage will have been burned out on other similar games before even giving
    ours a chance, which we estimate to be somewhere between ten and forty percent of the
    total potential audience. On top of that, we aren't a large gaming studio. We don't
    already have a fan-base built up from a previous title, ready to start up the next
    adventure. That said, all studios start out as indie companies, so we aren't worried!

Competitive Advantage -
  Benefits of our product:
  - Passionate Design Leads
  - Lack of previous knowledge (leads to interesting new discoveries for the game)
  - Price: FREE* (*Nothing is really free, probably built in ADs)
    -- Not many ADs though, we don't want to scare anyone away.
  - More involved than the average runner, there will be more cool things going on,
    but I don't want to say too much here and give it away. (Powers, levels, customization, etc)
